README.md, before:

# Personal Portfolio Website

A clean, minimalist, and responsive personal portfolio website built with React, TypeScript, and Vite.

## Features

- 🎨 Modern and minimalist design
- 📱 Fully responsive for all screen sizes
- ⚡ Fast and optimized loading
- 🔤 SEO friendly with meta tags
- 🔄 Customizable content via configuration file
- ✨ Smooth animations and transitions using Framer Motion
- 📊 Section for skills, experience, and projects

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or later)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/portfolio-website.git
cd portfolio-website
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn
```

3. Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) to view the website in your browser.

## Customization

### Content Configuration

The portfolio content is managed through a JSON configuration file located at `public/portfolioConfig.json`. This approach allows for easy content updates without touching the codebase. The configuration includes:

- Personal information (name, title, location, intro, etc.)
- Experience history (positions, companies, descriptions)
- Skills (categorized technical skills)
- Projects (descriptions, technologies, links)
- Social links (GitHub, LinkedIn, email, etc.)
- SEO metadata (title, description, keywords)

To modify the content:
1. Edit the `public/portfolioConfig.json` file
2. The changes will be automatically reflected in the website
3. No code changes required for content updates

Example configuration structure:
```json
{
  "personalInfo": {
    "name": "Your Name",
    "title": "Your Title",
    "location": "Your Location",
    "intro": "Your introduction",
    "jobStatus": "Current job status",
    "resumeUrl": "URL to your resume",
    "calendarUrl": "URL to your calendar"
  },
  "socialLinks": [
    {
      "name": "GitHub",
      "url": "https://github.com/yourusername",
      "icon": "github"
    }
  ]
  // ... other sections
}
```

### Styling

- Global styles are defined in `src/styles/global.scss`
- Variables (colors, spacing, etc.) are defined in `src/styles/variables.scss`
- Each component has its own SCSS file for component-specific styling

### Resume

Replace the placeholder file at `public/piyush_aryan_resume.pdf` with your actual resume.

## Building for Production

To create a production build:

```bash
npm run build
# or
yarn build
```

The build output will be in the `dist` folder.

## Technologies Used

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/)
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/)
- [FontAwesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
- [Typed.js](https://github.com/mattboldt/typed.js/)

## License

MIT © Piyush Aryan

Commit message:

Add @types/node and undici-types to devDependencies; update README for CONFIG_URL usage. Refactor portfolioConfig to use environment variable for config URL.

README.md, after:

# Personal Portfolio Website

A clean, minimalist, and responsive personal portfolio website built with React, TypeScript, and Vite.

## Features

- 🎨 Modern and minimalist design
- 📱 Fully responsive for all screen sizes
- ⚡ Fast and optimized loading
- 🔤 SEO friendly with meta tags
- 🔄 Customizable content via configuration file
- ✨ Smooth animations and transitions using Framer Motion
- 📊 Section for skills, experience, and projects

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or later)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/portfolio-website.git
cd portfolio-website
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
# or
yarn
```

3. Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) to view the website in your browser.

## Customization

### Content Configuration

The portfolio content is managed through a JSON configuration file located at `public/portfolioConfig.json`. This approach allows for easy content updates without touching the codebase. The configuration includes:

- Personal information (name, title, location, intro, etc.)
- Experience history (positions, companies, descriptions)
- Skills (categorized technical skills)
- Projects (descriptions, technologies, links)
- Social links (GitHub, LinkedIn, email, etc.)
- SEO metadata (title, description, keywords)

To modify the content:
1. Edit the `public/portfolioConfig.json` file
2. The changes will be automatically reflected in the website
3. No code changes required for content updates

You can also customize the location of the configuration file by setting the `CONFIG_URL` environment variable during build:

```bash
# Use a custom configuration file URL
CONFIG_URL=https://example.com/my-config.json npm run build
```

If not specified, it will use the default `/portfolioConfig.json` path.

Example configuration structure:
```json
{
  "personalInfo": {
    "name": "Your Name",
    "title": "Your Title",
    "location": "Your Location",
    "intro": "Your introduction",
    "jobStatus": "Current job status",
    "resumeUrl": "URL to your resume",
    "calendarUrl": "URL to your calendar"
  },
  "socialLinks": [
    {
      "name": "GitHub",
      "url": "https://github.com/yourusername",
      "icon": "github"
    }
  ]
  // ... other sections
}
```

### Styling

- Global styles are defined in `src/styles/global.scss`
- Variables (colors, spacing, etc.) are defined in `src/styles/variables.scss`
- Each component has its own SCSS file for component-specific styling

### Resume

Replace the placeholder file at `public/piyush_aryan_resume.pdf` with your actual resume.

## Building for Production

To create a production build:

```bash
npm run build
# or
yarn build
```

The build output will be in the `dist` folder.

## Technologies Used

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/)
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/)
- [FontAwesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
- [Typed.js](https://github.com/mattboldt/typed.js/)

## License

MIT © Piyush Aryan
